UNOMI-225: add documentation on ES7 authentication and ssl support (#120)
apache/unomi: manual/src/main/asciidoc/configuration.adoc

Just edit `etc/org.apache.unomi.persistence.elasticsearch.cfg` to add the following settings:

[source]
----
username=USER
password=PASSWORD
----

===== SSL communication

By default Unomi will communicate with ElasticSearch using `http`
but you can configure your ElasticSearch server(s) to allow encrypted request using `https`.

You can follow this documentation to enable SSL on your ElasticSearch server(s):

* https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.5/ssl-tls.html[Full documentation]
* https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.5/configuring-tls.html#node-certificates[Configure certificates]
* https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.5/configuring-tls.html#tls-http[Encrypt HTTP communications]

If your ElasticSearch is correctly configure to encrypt communications on `https`:

Just edit `etc/org.apache.unomi.persistence.elasticsearch.cfg` to add the following settings:

[source]
----
sslEnable=true
----

> By default, certificates will need to be configured on Unomi server to be able to trust the ElasticSearch server(s) identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, certificates will have to be configured on the Apache Unomi server to be able to trust the identity
```

> But in case you need to trust all certificates automatically you can use this setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the ElasticSearch server(s). But if you need to trust all certificates automatically, you can use this setting:
```
